Add docs page on lgp scalability / resilience (#3510)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/concepts/scalability_and_resilience.md

## Queue scalability

As you add more instances to a service, they will increase run throughput linearly, as each instance is configured to handle a set number of concurrent runs (by default 10). Each attempt for each run will be handled by a single instance, with exactly-once semantics enforced through Postgres’s MVCC model (refer to section below for crash resilience details). Attempts that fail due to transient database errors are retried up to 3 times. We do not make use of long-lived transactions or locks, this enables us to make more efficient use of Postgres resources.

## Resilience

While a run is being handled by a queue instance, a periodic heartbeat timestamp will be recorded in Redis by that queue worker.

When a graceful shutdown request is received (SIGINT) an instance enters shutdown mode, which

- stops accepting new HTTP requests
- gives any in-progress runs a limited number of seconds to finish (if not finished it will be put back in the queue)
- stops the instance from picking up more runs from the queue

> If a hard shutdown occurs, eg. due to a server crash, or an infra failure, any runs that were in progress will be picked up by a periodic sweeper task that looks for in-progress runs that have breached their heartbeat window, which will put them back in the queue for another instance to pick them up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a hard shutdown occurs; e.g., due to a server crash, or an infra failure, any runs that were in progress will be picked up by a periodic sweeper task that looks for in-progress runs that have breached their heartbeat window, which will put them back in the queue for another instance to pick them up.
```

## Postgres resilience

> For deployment modalities where we manage the Postgres database we have periodic backups, continuously replicated standby replicas for automatic failover. Optionally, on request, we can also setup read replicas as well as other advanced failover capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For deployment modalities where we manage the Postgres database we have periodic backups, continuously replicated standby replicas for automatic failover. On request, we can also setup read replicas as well as other advanced failover capabilities.
```
